README.md, before:

# WP Dispensary Menu Management Software
**The #1 Marijuana WordPress Plugin.** Make sure you :star: and :eyes: this repo :point_up:

![Marijuana WordPress Plugin](https://www.wpdispensary.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/03/wpd-github-readme.jpg)

:raised_hand: **WAIT!** This repo is under active development. Download the latest stable release :point_right: [v2.0](http://downloads.wordpress.org/plugin/wp-dispensary.zip?utm_source=github&utm_medium=button&utm_campaign=Github).

## Dispensary Menu Features

WP Dispensary was built with ease of use in mind, so the setup process of the plugin is as simple as adding and activating the plugin, adding your content and sitting back to bask in the glory of how easy it was to set up.

### Easy to use shortcodes

The WP Dispensary plugin comes with built in shortcodes which allow you to display your menu with any theme, however you'd like.

See all shortcode options in the [documentation](http://www.wpdispensary.com/section/shortcodes/)

## Extend WP Dispensary

With our free and commercial add-on's, you'll be able to extend the functionality of the WP Dispensary menu plugin, giving your website the competitive edge in the growing medical marijuana market.

You can view our current add-on's on the [offical WP Dispensary website](https://www.wpdispensary.com/add-ons)

We also have a commerial WordPress theme for the cannabis industry, [CannaBiz](https://www.wpdispensary.com/downloads/cannabiz).

It has a long list of options built in for customization to fit your business branding and is 100% integrated with WP Dispensary and it's add-ons.

## Changelog

View [CHANGELOG.md](https://github.com/wpdispensary/wp-dispensary/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md)

Commit message:

:book: DOC: Updated readme details

README.md, after:

# WP Dispensary Menu Management Software
**The #1 Marijuana Dispensary WordPress Plugin.** Make sure you :star: and :eyes: this repo :point_up:

![Cannabis Dispensary WordPress Plugin](https://www.wpdispensary.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/03/wpd-github-readme.jpg)

:raised_hand: **WAIT!** This repo is under active development. Download the latest stable release :point_right: [v2.0.1](http://downloads.wordpress.org/plugin/wp-dispensary.zip?utm_source=github&utm_medium=button&utm_campaign=Github).

## Dispensary Menu Features

WP Dispensary is packed with features to enhance the online presence of your cannabis business.

With WP Dispensary you are able to easily create an online menu for your patients to browse, and with the commercial add-on's offered, you can allow patients to place orders directly through your website!

### Auto-creation of Dispensary Menu page

WP Dispensary version 2.0+ automatically creates a new "Dispensary Menu" page for you, pre-populated with each of the shortcodes that are available, giving you an instant starting point for building your menu.

See all shortcode options in the [documentation](http://www.wpdispensary.com/section/shortcodes/)

## Define your dispensary style

[CannaBiz](https://www.wpdispensary.com/downloads/cannabiz) is a commercial WordPress theme for the cannabis industry. Along with full integration for WP Dispensary and all of it's add-on's, CannaBiz focuses on speed and customization.

You can easily define your brand style through the theme Customizer, optimize the layout for your specific needs and give your patients a truly beautiful experience unlike anything your competitors offer.

## Extending WP Dispensary

With our add-on's, you'll be able to extend the functionality of the WP Dispensary menu plugin, giving your website the competitive edge in the growing medical marijuana market.

WordPress.org is home to some amazing free extensions for WP Dispensary, including:

* [Dispensary Age Verification](https://wordpress.org/plugins/dispensary-age-verification)
* [Dispensary Coupons](https://wordpress.org/plugins/dispensary-coupons)
* [Dispensary Tinctures](https://wordpress.org/plugins/dispensary-tinctures)
* [Dispensary Gear](https://wordpress.org/plugins/dispensary-gear)

Looking to take things even further? Our commercial extensions provide you with the capabilities you need to turn your online menu into a powerhouse sales machine.

* [Connect for WooCommerce](https://www.wpdispensary.com/product/wooconnect-for-woocommerce/)
* [Dispensary Details for WooCommerce](https://www.wpdispensary.com/product/dispensary-details-for-woocommerce/)
* [Inventory Management](https://www.wpdispensary.com/product/dispensary-inventory-management/)
* [Menu Styles](https://www.wpdispensary.com/product/styles/)

Visit our [extensions page](https://www.wpdispensary.com/add-ons) to find out everything you're capable of and all that's possible with premium WP Dispensary extensions.

## Changelog

View [CHANGELOG.md](https://github.com/wpdispensary/wp-dispensary/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md)
